Hyakuman nin no tame ni
utawareta love song nanka ni
Boku wa kantan ni omoi wo
kasanetari wa shinai
Koi seyo to semeru
kono machi no kihon kouzou wa
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
Souzou shiteita yori mo
zutto mirai wa genjitsuteki dane
Kuruma mo shibaraku sora wo
hashiru yotei mo nasasousa
Soshite kyou mo chikatetsu ni nori
Mukuchi na tanin to
machi ni okizari ne
Lonely, lonely, setsunakute
kowaresouna yoru ni sae
Lonely, lonely, kimidake wa
original love wo tsuranuite
Lonely, lonely, aitakute
kogoesouna mainichi ni
Kotoba ni dekinai koto wa
murini shinai kotoni shita
Ano hito dake kokoro no seikantai
Wasuretai ne
Love me, love me,
tsuyoku yowai kokoro
Kiss me, kiss me,
aseru hitorino yoru
FUYUTSUKI
Wow!
GOTTSUANDESU
(It was a really nice meal)
Fuyutsuki got a love letter!
Oh, good morning.
Nothing has changed.
No one thinks of what I need.
It's a sign of how popular you are.
Onizuka-sensei received some, too.
Great! Are these all mine?
I must be popular.
But these are all postcards.
I wasn't sure
if I should give these to you...
...and I was holding them until now.
They've accumulated this much.
Cursed chain letters.
Cursed chain letters?
Chain letters?
TO KUNIO MURAI
Yes. Finally it came to me.
Hmm...let me see.
"This is a cursed chain letter.
"Please send the same letter
to 13 people within 24 hours.
"If you don't, bad things will happen
to you and your family...
"...one after another.
On the seventh day,
death will visit you."
You have many enemies.
Oh, shut up!
It is an interesting trick based
on human psychology.
The one who wrote the letter
must be a fool.
What? Don't you know
the curse of this letter?
I've heard it's the reason why Morita,
on the soccer team, broke a bone...
... he didn't write the chain letter.
What? Are you serious?
Yeah, I've heard that, too.
A student's house burned down
after he burned a chain letter.
Wow..!
I have no choice but to write
the letters. I don't want to be cursed.
What?
What are you doing?
Don't get caught up in this.
You're just a spectator.
What are you gonna do if I get cursed?
Spectator?
Oh, these..!
These are the chain letters
that came to me. 233 in total.
Oh, no...
I can't take this.
You will definitely be cursed,
Onizuka.
The curse from the chain letters
says you'll die on the seventh day.
Are you serious?
When I was playing
Kokkuri-san (occult game)...
...you told me that's superstition.
Kokkuri-san and chain letters
are different!
You talk about curses and haunting.
They aren't real.
They are just superstition.
Superstition.
Ouch, ouch, ouch!
Look. It's the curse!
The chain letter's curse has started.
I will be cursed, too.
Don't worry, Murai.
If you send the letters,
you won't be cursed.
How could this be a curse?
The flame burned my butt.
Ouch!
Damn! It hurts.
I wonder how it looks.
DEATH
Death?!
The curse from the chain letter
says you'll die on the seventh day.
Can't, can't be...
Oh, I'm sorry, Mister.
THIS WEEK'S HOROSCOPE
"If you are born
under the sign of Leo...
"...you'll get into unexpected trouble.
Money, love, all the worst.
Watch out for accidents."
I certainly won't have any luck.
Maybe I shouldn't get
on my motorcycle this week.
Watch out!
As they said,
I've been seriously cursed.
See you later.
TO KUNIO MURAI
What's this?
Hey, Kikuchi.
This morning I received
another weird letter.
Like this?
You, too?
I suspect everyone
in this class received it.
Onizuka.
What are you wearing?
Isn't it obvious?
To ward off evil.
I mean to keep myself away
from the chain letter curse.
Just as I thought! It was you!
You must be the one who distributed
the weird chain letters in this class.
Why do you say that?
Well, look at it carefully.
You misspelled "curse."
You used the character for "spicy."
MISFORTUNE
You're the only one
who could make such a mistake.
How do you read it? Spiced?
We'll be spiced within seven days?
What does it mean?
I see. Even if we eat hot curry
or noodle, we won't taste the spice.
I had no choice.
Seriously, I'll be killed by the curse.
How could you, as a teacher,
betray your own students?
Oh, no. My left shoulder
suddenly feels pain!
I feel like something is on it.
It may be the mizuko curse.
Shut up. I'm telling you,
I'm still a virgin.
You made fun of me yesterday.
Just put a magnetic pad on it.
A magnetic pad?
Do you think those charms
can really take away all the curses?
What?
If you are doing it,
you might as well do it all.
Do it all?
Like this. Is this enough?
No, you haven't written
on everything yet.
Don't you know the story
of Miminashi Hoichi?
What?! This place, too?
That's right. Hmm... Perfect!
Whew... I almost became
no-Chin (penis) Teacher Onizuka.
Excuse me, could you be
a bit more quiet, Onizuka-sen..?
Oh, well...this...
Oh, no, Fuyutsuki. I can explain.
Go away.
Ouch!
SCHOOL INFIRMARY
Ouch, ouch!
Don't move.
Oh, shit. I've really been receiving
the letter's curse.
Fuyutsuki hates me now.
It's a coincidence. Coincidence.
When coincidence happens
again and again...
... people tend to think
there is a special meaning.
It's written in Jung's book.
How could the scar become
a death symbol?
Look at this.
This character's left side
and right side are switched.
That's why it becomes "death"
when reflected in a mirror.
Oh, this means...
... I will die on the sixth day
if I don't do anything.
Hmm. No choice.
I can introduce you
to a good person.
Good person?
Yes, it's the perfect person
for you in the current situation.
How do you know this place?
Never mind. This way.
Excuse me. We are here
to ask you to cast away evil.
Eroim essaim, eroim essaim,
ekoeko azaraku, ekoeko azaraku...
Oh, shaman.
I've been waiting for you.
Welcome.
It is a curse!
Is he okay?
I can see the death sign
on his face.
Pulse 460,
and blood pressure 400.
Are you still a human being?
Isn't it better to go home
in Nebula M78 (Ultraman's home)?
It's a curse.
A curse from the chain letter.
What could've made him this ill,
Kanzaki?
Nothing.
We just went to cast out the evil.
I guess it had a negative effect
on a person like him...
...who's simpleminded.
I've brought medicine
from the infirmary.
If he is sick,
he'd better take something.
That's right. Rather than
discussing the curse right now...
... it may be better to lower his blood
pressure by giving him Nifedipine.
READ THE INSTRUCTIONS
CAREFULLY BEFORE USE.
USE ONLY AS DIRECTED.
If I had this much,
I guess something should work.
Idiot. You took too much...
Onizuka!
Sensei!
KICHIJOJI HOSPITAL
Hmmm.
How does it look, Doc?
Is something wrong with me?
Something wrong?
With that pulse and blood pressure,
you should have been dead.
Anyway, we need to hospitalize you
for a few days for observation.
What? Hospitalization?
Yes, hospitalization.
Until yesterday I had no problem,
but now I'm in the hospital.
That means
the curse is getting to me...
I heard the shadow clearly
appeared in the x-ray.
Poor thing. It's the last stage
of cancer, isn't it?
He has at most one month...
I heard he's a teacher.
Anyway, we have to take care
of him until he dies.
Teacher? Is it me?
No way.
I had no problems until yesterday.
This is...
Excuse me.
Are you all right, Onizuka-sensei?
Onizuka-sensei?
Oh, Fuyutsuki-chan.
Life is a temporary existence,
isn't it?
What's the matter with you,
Onizuka-sensei?
I'm sorry.
I just panicked.
I've heard I have cancer
and only have a month to live.
No way. It can't be true. Onizuka.
May I ask you for a little time?
He isn't anywhere.
Yeah, he isn't at the hospital, either.
He cleaned up his room.
What was he thinking?
He disappeared without a word.
Fuyutsuki-sensei.
Do you know anything?
What?
Fuyutsuki-sensei!
Well...
What is it? Tell us!
As a matter of fact...
...Onizuka-sensei has...
...cancer, I guess.
That's a lie, isn't it?
Yesterday, after the diagnosis,
he had to be hospitalized.
Onizuka saw his own x-ray...
There were many white spots
around his chest.
How could he know it was cancer?
He heard the doctors saying
that he wouldn't live long.
No way.
Serves him right.
Who could have imagined it?
Oh, I'm sorry.
That a cockroach, which is hard
to kill, could die so easily.
Once again, we don't have
a homeroom teacher in Class 3-4.
Miyabi, you..!
What? Is there anything
you want to say?
Fuyutsuki-sensei!
You disappeared without saying
good-bye... Onizuka-sensei...
Where did you go?
You're nice. You're big.
Stop it!
Drink as much as you want.
This is my farewell party!
- He isn't here, is he?
- No.
Hey, I can't see.
Sorry.
- He isn't here.
- Hopeless.
All right!
Toru, you look good!
It's my best!
COMPUTER LAB
This is...
Oops.
Oh, tobacco...
Ouch.
I'm gonna die anyway.
It's a pity to die a virgin.
This time...
Onizuka!
Fuyutsuki!
You've made us worry.
Where were you?
Leave me alone.
I'm already...
Don't run away.
You don't die.
You've always cheated death.
If you believe in the cure,
it will cure you.
People often say
"illness is a state of mind."
How can you say such a thing
like that to a dying man?
Look at this. I've bought
a lot of Agaricus mushrooms.
They are good for cancer.
And Monta Mino said on TV...
... Miso soup is good, too.
I'll make it with the mushrooms.
I'll make it every day.
So...
So even if there isn't much time left,
don't give up!
Fuyutsuki.
Hey, Kikuchi!
Murai!
What's the matter, Kikuchi?
Yoshikawa, Kanzaki,
where is Onizuka?
He isn't anywhere.
Don't worry about that,
I found out about it.
What?
Onizuka's illness.
I hacked the hospital records.
What he thinks
is the cursed cancer...
Wait, Onizuka.
I need to mentally prepare myself...
Don't worry. Leave it to me.
But here...
Fuyutsuki...
I understand you've agreed.
Okay?
I have no regrets in my life.
Sensei!
Everyone!
I've found Onizuka-sensei!
Onizuka-sensei. Are you all right?
That's cruel.
Onizuka!
You all!
What are you doing?
Teacher. You don't have cancer.
But I saw the x-ray.
There were many white spots on it.
They were... Turn around
and show us your back.
Like this? What?
The white spots are those
magnetic pads.
Cancer never shows up so clearly.
Really?
I've checked the hospital records.
They didn't find any cancer.
Then why did they put me
in the hospital?
When your pulse
and blood pressure have...
...such abnormal results,
they can't send you home.
Is that all? I'm not going to die?
Wow. I did it!
Onizuka-sensei!
Hey, Fuyutsuki...
Please, let's put this behind us.
Leave me alone!
I've always thought
curses were a hoax.
How could he say that?
Curses don't work for Onizuka...
... he's like
an indestructible cockroach.
But I wonder who began
the chain letter in the first place?
ENTERTAINMENT PRODUCTION
& TALENT AGENCY
PINK ELEPHANT
Tomoko. You don't have time
to read fan letters.
All right.
What?
Oh, no. A chain letter again!
Do I need to send it
to 13 people again?
Hmmm. I have only
my classmates' addresses.
Onizuka-sensei, Kikuchi, Yoshikawa...
Tomoko! Hurry up!
Yes! I'm coming!
Subete no hito wo aiseru wake ja
nainara semete aisuru hito wo
Uragi razu ni utagawazu ni
semetari nikundari shinai de
Mujaki de irukoto ga
hito wo kizutsukete shimau no?
Shizuka na jounetsu ga
hitomi no oku de sawagi dasu...
Anata ni meguri aete
Hateshinai toki no naka de
jibun ni nani ga dekiru
Ima wa mada chiisaku temo
kagayaki keseya shinai yo
Kobore souna namida no tsubu
nagasazu mune ni tamete
Isshun wo tsuyoku iki yo
ichizu na shizuku ni natte
NEXT EPISODE
What? Enjo Kosai?
How could this happen?
Y o, Y o, Y o...Y oshiko!
You can't escape anymore.
Give up.
I'll take you to heaven.
Yoshiko! Wait for me!
Your father is coming! Yoshiko!